♪ ♪
(Yuma) Go, Gagaga Girl!
Gagaga!
Let's do it!
(Ray) Yuma!
Ray what's...
Come on, Yuma!
Hurry, we got big trouble!
Just come with me!
Oh, no!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(gasping)
You are a wannabe!
Take that back, you freaky cat!
That does it!
I've had enough
of your big mouth!
Let me at her!
Bring it on!
(Yuma) Hey, hey, quit it!
I can't believe this!
You guys are friends!
What're you yelling for?
Well, it's sort of
'cause of an idea I had.
A cheerleader?
Why not?
A lot of teams have 'em!
I think the Super Secret Number
Hunter Investigation Club
deserves a cheerleader, too!
It's a great idea!
Who would the cheerleader be?
It could only be you, Tori!
Me?
Why me?
Tori, it has to be you
'cause you're the only one
who's seen the most Numbers.
And it doesn't hurt that
you're Yuma's girlfriend.
♪ ♪
Oh, my...
Why on earth would you think
I'm Yuma's girlfriend!?
Hold it!
Tori, I just remembered
you don't know how to duel!
That's right!
There's no way we can have
somebody who can't duel.
We need a duelist,
not a wannabe.
Only one girl in our club
knows how to duel
so she should be
our cheerleader.
Me!
Hey, wait a minute!
How dare you call me a wannabe,
you freaky cat girl!
(gasping)
Freaky?
How dare you call me a freaky
cat, you mousey little loser!
I hope you get
chased by a dog, a big one!
It's my fault.
Yeah, I gotta
agree with you there.
Looks like the Ray Way
failed again.
Let's just forget it.
Yeah, Tori, let's just...
Stay out of this,
Yuma!
But I don't think...
If you don't think, don't talk!
Oh, boy.
What's going on, guys?
Sounds like you're having
an interesting discussion.
(Bronk) Rio!
Hey, I know!
Why don't we make Rio our
cheerleader?!
(Cathy) No way!
We need a real duelist,
not Shark's
guppy little sister!
Guppy, huh?
If you're challenging me to
a duel, Cathy, I accept.
Maybe this cheerleader
idea isn't so great.
Let's just forget it.
I'll tell you
what isn't great...
Bronk's intelligence!
I'll squash you.
No, Bronk, no!
(all yelling)
Come on guys, please,
this isn't worth arguing about!
(Cathy) Let me go!
(Tori) Get out of my face!
This is the chance
I've been waiting for.
♪ ♪
(Astral) I am concerned, Yuma.
Don't be, Astral.
The closer the friends,
the bigger the battles.
It's no biggie.
Really?
Yeah, it's no big deal.
Tomorrow they'll all make up.
I hope you are correct.
♪ ♪
See ya!
Hmm.
Mmm!
Guess they're all really mad.
Hey, Rio, wait up!
Did you want something?
Who, me?
Nah!
I'm so bummed...
everybody went home early.
I really felt like having
a duel today.
Hey, I'll duel with ya, Yuma.
I'm over it now.
Okay, some other time then.
♪ ♪
(Girag)
Yo, Yuma!
Huh?
Yeah, what do you want?
Nothing much.
Just a little duel.
(Girag) So what do you think?
You want 'em to have
a sports duel?
Your friends gotta get over
their frustrations.
And sports
are the way to do it!
Team 'em up with each other
and they'll have to work
together to win.
Know what?
He's right!
Yeah, it's a great idea!
But there's one thing
you gotta remember.
You gotta compete, too.
And if you make it
to the finals,
you gotta make sure you
let the other guys win.
What?
The reason you're doing this
is so your friends'll
be friends again.
If they win they'll be happy,
and if they're happy,
you'll be happy.
Yeah, I get it!
Thanks a...
I don't even know you,
so why do you wanna help me?
Uh, it's because I...
I'm a big fan!
I love your work!
Thanks, I think?
Okay.
Tomorrow we'll hold the first
ever Friendship Games!
Come on, Ray.
Let's go tell 'em.
(Ray) Okay, Yuma!
♪ ♪
Hey, you look pretty
pleased with yourself.
(chuckling)
I got a perfect plan
to take down Yuma.
Well, don't get your hopes
too high, my friend.
Because I'm the one who's
gonna beat little old Yuma.
Take your best shot, Alito.
(Girag)
But those Numbers
are gonna be mine.
♪ ♪
(Girag)
I officially welcome all of
you to the first ever
Friendship Games!
Remember to do your
best and good luck!
(Ray) It's gonna be fun.
Maybe for him, but not for me.
Whatever.
I only wish I had some
competition.
When will this be over?
Look, let's just try.
If we all get into this,
we'll all come away happy!
Okay, now here are the rules.
You're gonna play in teams.
If you win,
your team gets a point.
The two teams with the most
points advance to the finals.
All right, here are the teams.
Yuma and Shark.
Caswell and Flip.
Bronk and Rio.
Cat and Tori.
These teams are awful!
I'm not playing with her!
I love my teammate.
And as a special bonus,
the winner of
the Friendship Games
will be named the Super Secret
Number Hunter's
Investigation
Club's cheerleader!
Awesome!
Okay, everyone,
let's get started.
I'll pick a card at random.
And the first
event is skydiving!
♪ ♪
(screaming)
And now, the first duel will
take place in the sky!
(screaming)
Go, Aero Shark.
Hey, look, Shark, we beat 'em!
The first duel is a quick
victory for Yuma and Shark!
(whistle blowing)
(Ray)
Now it's
the beach volleyball duel!
Just stick to our game plan.
Right!
Heads-up, Bronk!
(Bronk) You just watch me, Rio.
Hey, Bronk...
in your face!
And that is
a facial "disgracial."
(grunting)
(shouting)
I got this!
♪ ♪
You're a total ball hog!
I'm not a hog, I'm a cat!
See, they're finally
speaking to each other again.
Sounds like yelling.
Right now the team of Shark
and Yuma is in the lead!
(Shark) That's game.
Aurora Wing,
attack her directly!
I activate a trap!
♪ ♪
(panting)
I'm kind of beat, but...
I gotta admit, this is fun.
Yeah.
Playing together makes you
forget why we were
mad at each other.
(sighing)
(laughing)
Cathy, I apologize
about being so catty.
I was jealous of you, too.
Oh, by the way,
you guys make a great team.
I hope you make it
to the finals,
so we can play you.
Thanks!
That's nice of you.
Hey, Yuma, your friend's
strategy's working perfectly.
Yeah!
This just makes me so happy!
(Astral) I do not understand
how a person can be so happy
when their dueling
ability is so sad.
Be quiet!
Okay, listen up.
These are the teams that are
advancing to the finals.
First is the team
of Yuma and Shark.
We did it!
And goin' against 'em
in the finals
will be Cathy and Tori!
Hey, they don't have as many
points as Rio and me,
so how come they get to play?
Did I forget to mention all-girl
teams get a 50-point bonus?
And for being
the points leader,
I got a special kind of award to
give you, so come with me.
Great!
♪ ♪
(Tori)
What kind of award
are you going to give us?
It's probably some
kind of rare card I hope!
It's something
that I definitely
want you two to have.
♪ ♪
(both)
We will battle
for Barian.
I knew my plan
would work perfectly.
Now when Yuma lets these
two win their duel,
I get his Numbers.
(laughing maniacally)
It's time for the final event
in our Friendship Games!
And now...
let's play ball!
♪ ♪
Allow me to introduce
the players!
First the all-girl
team: Tori and Cathy!
Opposing them is our school's
top duelist duo:
Shark and Yuma!
We're taking you two down!
Oh, no, you're not!
Huh?
Don't you remember,
you said you were gonna lose
the finals on purpose?
You lose,
and those two'll be
even better friends
than they were
before the big fight.
(Yuma) Right.
I'll do it!
Listen, Shark.
Huh?!
Where's Shark?
I'm sorry.
My brother has
left the building.
Ugh...
He was bored.
He didn't care who won or lost.
This is bad.
I hate a quitter.
Well, you'll just
have to be my teammate.
Who, me?
No, no, wait, I can't be...
Hey, get this off of me!
Let's feel the flow.
Duel Disk go!
I really don't...
Ahh!
(all) Let's duel!
(Girag) This is bad.
The girls have
a Chaos Xyz Monster...
and Yuma's gonna lose the duel
on purpose.
I'll be a loser, too!
I'll get sent back to
Barian World!
Okay, I draw!
Yuma, are you actually
planning to lose this duel?
Uh-huh.
I gotta pick something weak.
Uh, do you have to?
I summon Stinging Swordsman!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
He chooses that weakling?
Now I'm up.
I draw!
I summon Cat Girl.
Meow.
All right, Cat Girl,
let's throw
Stinging Swordsman a fastball!
Meow!
I'm in big trouble!
You know, now that
I think about it,
maybe it's a bad idea
for you to lose this match.
Getting them to be friends
is way more important
than winning.
That's why I'm proud to lose!
What am I gonna do?
Those two girls are gonna use
Barian's Force on us for sure!
Hey, wait...
All I gotta do is destroy
Barian's Force
before they play it!
My turn!
I draw!
I summon Magic Hand!
Then I place two cards facedown
and end my turn!
It's my move!
I draw...
Stop right there!
I activate
the trap Spell Search!
Instead of drawing,
this card makes you add
one spell card
to your hand!
She's definitely gonna
choose Barian's Force!
Now I activate Magic Hand's
special ability!
If you add a card
from your deck to your hand,
and if it's a spell card,
that card gets destroyed,
and you take
800 points of damage!
Now I can destroy
Barian's Force.
You can use my Memory Loss
trap if you want.
You mean you're gonna
help me beat 'em now?
You just watch me.
Time to win this.
I activate
the trap Memory Loss!
When a monster on the field
activates its special ability,
it switches your monster
to defense mode
and cancels
its special ability.
My monster's special
ability, wasted!
You're forgetting your plan.
I thought you wanted
the girls to win.
I summon my Little Fairy.
♪ ♪
I activate this monster's
special ability.
I send one card in my hand
to the graveyard
to raise its Level by one.
Now the girls have two
Level 4 monsters.
Here it comes.
Don't do it!
I overlay my Level 4 Cat Girl
and my Little Fairy.
I Xyz Summon Fairy Cheer Girl!
♪ ♪
(Rio) Something's not right.
Huh?
Look at them.
They seem different
than before.
Oh no, could it be?
I activate Fairy Cheer Girl's
special ability!
Once per turn,
I can use an Overlay Unit
to draw one card from my deck.
They're doing it.
It's curtains for me.
Something is happening...
And now I activate
Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force!
What the huh?
(all gasping)
It's all over!
This duel is finished!
I rebuild the Overlay Network
with Fairy Cheer Girl!
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Barian power, born of Chaos,
visit your judgment on this
world of filth.
Come forth,
Chaos Xyz
Dark Fairy Cheer Girl!
What's going on, Astral?
How did Tori and Cathy
start working for Barian?
This is terrible!
(Tori)
Dark Fairy,
attack Magic Hand!
Fairy's Fury!
♪ ♪
Watch this!
I activate Dark Fairy's
special ability!
When Dark Fairy Cheer Girl
destroys your
monster in battle,
by using one Overlay Unit,
you take 500 points of damage
for every card in my hand!
As you can see, I have four!
That adds up to
2,000 points of damage.
(yelling)
Yuma!
How did they get
brainwashed by Barian?
Don't matter.
It's too late for us.
Yuma...
in order to rescue the girls,
you need to win this duel.
Yeah, it's time
to feel the flow!
I draw!
All right.
Yuma, with this card
your victory is assured.
Yeah!
I summon Gagaga Girl!
Gagaga!
And now, I activate
the spell card
Level Lifter!
By sending a monster in
my hand to the graveyard,
the Level of one monster
on the field
bumps up to
the Level of the monster
I sent to the graveyard.
♪ ♪
Now I activate the spell card
Monster Reborn!
So come back, Gagaga Magician!
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 39:
Utopia!
Your Utopia has
2,500 attack points!
If you attack, they'll
both be destroyed!
Yeah, but I activate
Gagaga Girl's special ability
and reduce your monster's
attack points to zero!
Go, Cell Phone Subtraction!
Yuma, now use my
trap card Hand Power!
Thanks!
I activate the trap Hand Power!
By banishing a Hand monster
from the graveyard
you can double your
monster's attack points.
You got it, Astral!
Now Utopia's
attack points get doubled!
Go, Utopia!
♪ ♪
Attack with
Rising Sun Grand Slam Bam!
(screaming)
(dinging)
All right!
Yuma did it!
He... he saved me!
He saved me.
Hey, are you guys both okay?
I think so.
What happened?
Did we duel?
I don't know.
Well, if you don't remember it,
I guess it's just like it
never really happened.
So let's have
the final duel now!
Pretty kitty please?
I'm done dueling for the day!
Yuma!
I forfeit!
Then who's gonna be
team cheerleader?
You saved me today.
But tomorrow's
another day, Yuma,
and I'll get you yet.
♪ ♪
Forget it.
We're cheery enough!